JumNav
======
JumNav is a script to accomplish vimperator-like keyboard driven navigation with
the jumanji webkit browser (http://pwmt.org/projects/jumanji).

Prerequisites
-------------
This script was written for jumanji-git later than 2010-08-01
(to laod use: "git clone git://pwmt.org/jumanji.git")

JumNav must be able to communicate with the jumanji global input. To accomplish
this the jumanji.c file in the repositori needs to be pattched with the
accompanying jumnav.diff file:

	patch < <path-to-this jumnav-directory>/jumnav.diff

A short feature summary
-----------------------
- directly select a link from hinting labels
- interactive "navigation mode" allows selecting nodes back and forth in
  hierarchy
- hinting and navigation mode can be toggled and thus used in conjunction
- "word matching" sub-mode of navigation mode allows to select labels matching
  some given pattern
- word matching and plain navigation modes can be toggled and thus used in
  conjunction
- the currently selected node is kept through all modes and can be always
  "clicked on"
Moreover:
- widely configurable
- switchable between two sets of colors for hinting labels and element nodes to
  adapt to given web page layouts

Configuration
-------------
There is a detailed "user configuration section" at the beginning of the
script. You can change:
- Collateral Sequences
  Letters and/or numbers and their sequence from which the hinting labels will
  be constructed.
- Key to simulate a Mouse Click
  Pressing this key on the selected label will perform the equivalent of a mouse
  click on this element on the page.
- Hinting label Display
  Several ways how the hinting labels will be constructed and displayed (size,
  colors, etc.)
- Navigatable Elements Display
  Ditto for the element link labels to navigate back and forth or search.
- Navigation mode switches
  Defines the command characters with which you interact with JumNav.

Default command keys
--------------------
"f" and "F" in jumanji activate the JumNav follower script as usual.

In JumNav:
"#"	toggles between hinting and link navigation mode

When in navigation mode:
"n"	selects the next link in sequence
"p"	selects the previous link in sequence
"/"	enables the word match (element search) mode
"="	disables the word match mode

With word match mode enabled:
"#"	toggles between navigation and word match mode
"n","p"	in navigation mode work as usual but are restricted to the elements
	group matching the regular pattern entered in word match mode.

In any mode:
","	simulates a mouse click on the currently selected element.

Other Remarks
-------------
- The navigation links are displayed in different colors depending on the
  current mode. The currently selected link is displayed in another color so it
  stands out.

- Usually the viewport will adjust to the currently selected link. There are,
  however, some complicated structured pages where this automatic viewport
  positioning fails. Navigating with "n" or "p" usually helps in those cases.

- There are two sets of colors for the hinting labels/element nodes display to
  adapt to different page layouts. "+" in navigation mode (not in word match)
  toggles between these.

- On some pages the hinting labels/element nodes appear displaced. "-" in
  navigation mode allows to toggle to another ("raw") postioning algorithm 
  which in many cases helps. On some such pages toggling in raw mode and out
  again appears to "snap in" the elements to their correct positons.
 
